Additional Resources_setting_up_git.md (#24224)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/installations/setting_up_git.md

This section contains helpful links to related content. It isn’t required, so consider it supplemental.

> *   [Understanding SSH Key Pairs](https://winscp.net/eng/docs/ssh_keys) SSH is an implimintation of public-key cryptography, also known as asymmetric cryptography. Having basic understanding of how it works can help you understand what SSH key is about.

Reviewer: A couple of grammatical fixes needed here. Otherwise it looks good.

Ideally, we should probably link to a less Windows focused source, considering we don't currently support the OS within our curriculum. Perhaps https://www.ssh.com/academy/ssh/key ?

```suggestion
*   [Understanding SSH Key Pairs](https://winscp.net/eng/docs/ssh_keys) SSH is a secure network protocol that uses an implementation of public-key cryptography, also known as asymmetric cryptography. Having a basic understanding of how it works can help you understand what an SSH key is all about.
```

> *   [Asymmetric Encryption - Simply expalined] a short video explaining Asymmetric Encription.

Reviewer 2: If we're adding a video here, this should be a hyperlink.

Author: Yes sure, added the link. Thank you!

Author: It went into a second commit. hope this is the right way.

> *   [Asymmetric Encryption - Simply expalined] a short video explaining Asymmetric Encription.

Author: (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQDCe585Lnc)

> *   [Asymmetric Encryption - Simply expalined](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQDCe585Lnc) a short video explaining Asymmetric Encription.

Reviewer: A couple of grammatical fixes needed here. Otherwise it looks good.

```suggestion
*   [Asymmetric Encryption - Simply explained](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQDCe585Lnc) a short video explaining Asymmetric Encryption.
```
